Let's add to our ESLint config now.
So I want you to come in here and
we're gonna
do npm install -D
ESLint-plugin-react-hooks
@4.2.0.
So this is another set of rules that
specifically applies to react hooks.
It's put out by the react team.
It's like their best practices.
The one thing that it depends on.
So I'm gonna show you how to make custom
hooks here in just a second that you use
blank naming schema.
Cuz that's what it's checking for
is, if it has use blank,
then it thinks it's a hook.
And if it doesn't have that,
it doesn't think it's a hook.
So that's why we use
that use nomenclature.
Okay, we did that now let's
go back to ESLint config,
eslinterc.json and here inside of,
basically any order before prettier.
Prettier has to be the last one.
So I'll just put it under here.
Plugin: react-hooks/recommended.
And that's it.
So this add like another layer of checking
just to make sure that we don't have bugs
with hooks, cuz they do have some
peculiar behavior habits and
I'll show some of them.
So now if we go back over
to our SearchParams and
we do exactly what I just told
you not to do which if true,
1 + 1 doubles or triple = 2.
So this is gonna tell me that
unexpected constant condition.
Well, I mean,
that's good that it detects that but,
if that then const
something I'll say animal.
And setAnimal, = useState(dog).
I'm gonna get an error here
saying right this one useState is
called conditionally, this one,
this little right here.
And there's a rule called rule of hooks.
This is gonna prevent you
from doing stuff like this.
And same thing here,
if I try to do for let i
= 0, i < 3 i + +,
Oops, it's gonna get upset at me again.
Saying like, hey,
you can't do that inside of there.
So actually let's do something
kind of fun just to show you.
Math.floor, math.random,
Times, 3.
Yeah.
And then we're gonna put
location underneath here.
So what's actually gonna happen here is
because I'm calling these hooks randomly,
it's gonna really mess with what's
in here in this particular useState.
So I have to run my server again.
You don't have to do this by the way,
I'm just showing you how messed
up this can get really quickly.
[LAUGH] Did it just break?
It actually just throws an error is like,
hey, you have less hooks than you
did last time, what's going on?
I give up.
Please figure out your stuff and
come back.
So that's good on react,
I actually didn't know it would do that.
What I would have expected to see is
that it would sometimes show dogs,
sometimes shows Seattle,
sometimes show dog and
it would just not know
what to do with itself.
But in this case, it just says, no, I'm
not gonna to fix this you have to first.
It's nice that they do this
that really helps you.
You kind of get into the habit really
quickly of never putting things inside of
if statements or for loops with hooks.
Normally all of your hooks are just
gonna be right here at the very,
very top of your component and
then you use them underneath it.